We added a checkbox in the last lecture Let's now finish up the form and the first thing is the positioning
of the submit button.
I want to add some margin so that it's not sitting directly next to or below this checkbox.
Now we could of course manually add a c as S class but we can also use a convenience helper directive
provided by the flex layout package.
If you click on static API there if you scroll down you don't just have a container and child element
properties you can use.
You also get these F X lay out gap you're on the container.
So there we can go back to the form where we have ethics lay out and lay out a line.
We can also add lay out GEP and set this to 10 pixels.
We now save this and we go back to our application.
Now you see there's some spacing between all these controls and this ensures that the bottom has a little
bit more distance.
Of course if you don't want to have a gap between all these controls which I think is quite nice though
especially if we have errors you don't want that.
You can of course go back to a solution where you simply add some CSSA to this button only.
Now the other part I want to do is I want to make sure that this is disabled if the entire form is invalid.
Now we got access to the entire form.
It's stored in this f local reference here on the form element.
Now we can use that to disable this but conditionally by binding to the disabled property off the button
element and setting is to disable if f which refers to the entire form is invalid.
So if this invalid property This form has is true now with that if we save this that reloads you see
the button is disabled and I can click it and only if I enter a valid email Avello password and pick
a valid birth date as well as agreed to the terms and conditions only then I can submit the form.
And this is our Sign-Up form.
Finished it of course doesn't actually sign us up.
That is something which will come later or from the Anglo material perspective.
This is looking good so far.
And I think we're ready to move on and also work on some other components.
Why don't we turn our heads towards the slash log in route next.